docs: update and enhance oidc documentation (#2142)
authelia/authelia: docs/community/oidc-integrations.md

---
layout: default
title: Community-Tested OIDC Integrations
parent: Community
nav_order: 4
---

# OIDC Integratins

> **Note** This is community-based content for which the core-maintainers cannot guarantee correctness. The parameters may change over time. If a parameter does not work as documented, please submit a PR to update the list.

Reviewer: Awesome, that's exactly what I had in mind. Perfect!

Author: You‘re welcome!

> ## Currently Tested Applications

Reviewer 2: Grafana 8.0.5 has been tested and works.

Author: added

> - GitLab (userinfo endpoint missing in an early implementation; now in peer review)

Reviewer 2: HEAD now supports userinfo and GitLab was used to test it was working.

Author: 👍🏼

- MinIO (problems with the `state` option which is not supplied by MinIO, see [minio/minio#11398])

[minio/minio#11398]: https://github.com/minio/minio/issues/11398

> ## Compatibility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Known Callback URLs
```

If you do not find the application in the list below, you will need to search for yourself - and maybe come back to open a PR to add your application to this list so others won't have to search for them.

> `<DOMAIN>` needs to be substituted with the protocol specifier (`https://`), domain and subdomain on which the application runs on. If GitLab, as an example, was reachable under `https://gitlab.example.com`, `<DOMAIN>` would be exactly the same.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`<DOMAIN>` needs to be substituted with the full URL on which the application runs on. If GitLab, as an example, was reachable under `https://gitlab.example.com`, `<DOMAIN>` would be exactly the same.
```
